# HealthBot
Health Care in the United States have been demanding due to its quality, despite the rapid growth of the demand, the healthcare industry is struggling to put up the standards with the requirements of the public and with many aspects like limitations of the access of the doctors to the public, hefty budget plans from insurance companies are making it hard for the patients to get themselves checked up in routine. This in a bigger picture is affecting the quality of the healthcare quality in the United States. In order to overcome this disparity, many industries are working together to provide their solutions, and many projects are being initiated for the better cause. HealthBot is one of those projects which is trying to bridge both patients and doctors who are well renowned thus minimizing unwanted waiting time and doctor’s valuable time too. In another perspective, doctors can rapidly treat more patients who are suffering from common diseases and can focus on major treatments. 
HealthBot Acts as a “SERVER” which greets patients as soon as they are logged in. When the patients enter their problems, based on the simple Keyword engine the patients will be assigned to the nearest doctors available. HealthBot will be providing remedies/temporary medication based on the keyword matched. Then the chatbot connects the patient with the doctor so that both doctor and patient can chat. Post consultation, if the doctor feels that the patient requires to be met in person then the doctor can schedule the patient on the appointment list and can even prescribe medication. Adding to this if a doctor needs specific reports such as X-ray reports before meeting in person, he can directly forward to him a radiographer. This increases the flexibility of the system to assist the doctor to focus on patients who need prior supervision. This would be a robust system where the server with databases and the keyword engine works as a server connecting both patients and doctors which are considered as “CLIENTS”.
